Docs for --fleet-server-es-insecure (#1159)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.asciidoc

For more information, refer to <<secure-connections>>.

[discrete]
[[es-enrollment-certs]]
== {agent} enrollment fails on the host with `x509: cannot validate certificate for x.x.x.x because it doesn't contain any IP SANs` message

To ensure that communication with {es} is encrypted,
{fleet-server} requires {es} to present a signed certificate. 

> This error occurs when you use self-signed certificates with {es} using IP as a Common Name. 
> With IP as a CN {fleet-server} looks into alternative names which is empty. To work around this situation
> you need to use `--fleet-server-es-insecure` flag which disables certificate verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when you use self-signed certificates with {es} using IP as a Common Name (CN). 
With IP as a CN, {fleet-server} looks into subject alternative names (SANs), which is empty. To work
around this situation, use the `--fleet-server-es-insecure` flag to disable certificate verification.
```

Reviewer: not sure about the subj/verb agreement here, but offered some edits.
